Project Role : Quality Engineering Architect (Test Arch
Project Role Description : Design and develop complex quality engineering strategies. Architect quality approaches and improvements across multiple groups/teams. Define testing scope for complex projects. Participate in product design reviews to ensure system testability and overall quality. Experience in one or more testing tools/frameworks and expertise with developing effective automation solutions.
Must have skills : Test Management
Good to have skills : NA
Minimum 7.5 year(s) of experience is required
Educational Qualification : 15 years full time education

Summary: As a Quality Engineering Architect (Test Arch), you will design and develop complex quality engineering strategies.
You will architect quality approaches and improvements across multiple groups/teams.
Your role will involve defining testing scope for complex projects and participating in product design reviews to ensure system testability and overall quality.
You should have expertise in one or more testing tools/frameworks and be skilled in developing effective automation solutions.
Join our team in Jaipur and contribute to the success of our projects.
Roles & Responsibilities: - Expected to be an SME - Collaborate and manage the team to perform - Responsible for team decisions - Engage with multiple teams and contribute on key decisions - Provide solutions to problems for their immediate team and across multiple teams - Architect quality approaches and improvements across multiple groups/teams - Define testing scope for complex projects - Participate in product design reviews to ensure system testability and overall quality - Develop effective automation solutions Professional & Technical Skills: - Must To Have Skills: Proficiency in Test Management - Strong understanding of statistical analysis and machine learning algorithms - Experience with data visualization tools such as Tableau or Power BI - Hands-on implementing various machine learning algorithms such as linear regression, logistic regression, decision trees, and clustering algorithms - Solid grasp of data munging techniques, including data cleaning, transformation, and normalization to ensure data quality and integrity Additional Information: - The candidate should have a minimum of 7.5 years of experience in Test Management - This position is based at our Jaipur office - A 15 years full time education is required