- Job Description
Guardant Health is looking for an energetic and passionate Senior Software Quality Engineer to support its growing software Quality Engineering team.
This team is responsible for delivering the product functionality needed to support the laboratory workflow for several of its market leading cancer diagnostic tests as well as integration with various oncology systems.
An Ideal candidate would have experience working in a regulated environment with thorough knowledge of Quality Engineering best practices and technical expertise to deliver software products meeting the business needs in an efficient and fast paced environment.
This role requires someone who is adept at understanding system architecture, design, implementation to succinctly develop tailored test strategy, build automation frameworks, and deliver quality software products meeting regulatory standards.
The candidate should have the aptitude to work on parallel projects with overlapping schedules, quickly learn new technologies, demonstrate teamwork and technical leadership.
Essential Duties and Responsibilities: Participate in Agile scrum team and work on Software Quality Engineering tasks.
Design and execute automated test coverage for various functional and integration aspects of the Enterprise Lab Information Management System (LabVantage).
Partner with software development teams and stakeholders to ensure Company Lab Information Management System of highly complex genetic data meet or exceed our quality standards.
Apply appropriate test methodologies including but not limited to writing test plans, test cases, and execution of test scripts within the sprint schedule.
Create test cases in Jama and execute them to support scheduled releases.
Troubleshoot issues identified during testing and report defects; able to distinguish between user error and application anomalies.
Create automation scripts for System Integration testing at the end of functional sprints prior to product release.
Provide clear and concise feedback on defects, usability, and other test findings/results.
Identify and advocate testing standards and processes as needed within the team.
Collaborate with cross-functional teams to ensure timely and robust execution of testing as part of a regular release schedule.
Provide coaching to other team members for designing automation test strategies and test suites.
Create automation scripts to execute complex testing scenarios, perform in-depth statistical analysis, and interpret results independently.
Establish cross-functional relationships across business and technical leads, architects, and product owners to ensure alignment with business goals and enterprise-level architectural standards.
Apply QE standards, best practices, and principles to develop quality plans that deliver optimal outcomes across multiple products.
Deliver test documentation to support software development for medical devices in compliance with FDA, CE mark, IEC 62304, PMDA and ISO 13485 standards.
Qualifications: B.S or higher degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Bioinformatics, or a related study or equivalent project experience. 8+ years' experience developing test automation in Service Oriented Architecture environment using COTS/SaaS solutions with API led integrations 8+ years' experience developing test automation for testing integrations in a hybrid environment leveraging HL7/XML/JSON message formats.
6+ years' experience using databases like Postgres, Oracle, MSSQL Server or Mongo DB.
8+ years' experience in Java programming and Linux shell script.
Proficiency with testing tools like TestNG, JUnit, NUnit, JMeter Experience with automation framework such as Selenium Knowledge of browser developer tools for debugging and troubleshooting.
Proficiency in using version control systems like Git to collaborate on code bases.
8+ years' experience with API test tools like Postman, Fiddler, RestAssured required.
Designed test automation to support CI/CD pipeline for software delivery using Jenkins Experience working in a scrum-based environment using JIRA and Confluence Strong understanding of object-oriented programming (OOP) concepts.
8+ years' experience writing integrated automation test scripts within an Agile Development Process, including Test Design, Test scripting, and Test Data creation.
Proven ability to adapt to new technologies and design test strategies.
Extensive experience in good testing practices, methodologies, and automated tools.
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills to identify and resolve automation issues.
Expertise in measuring and reporting quality-related metrics to identify trends, anomalies and proactively resolve problems.
Excellent communication and presentation skills Expertise in developing and maintaining SDLC documentation such as Verification Plan, Report, Risk Assessment and Traceability Matrix, etc.
Experience performing verification and validation activities in medical device, pharma or healthcare regulated environment.
Working experience in MuleSoft platform is a plus.