QA Automations Tester Frequently asked questions:

Selenium WebDriver: 

1) What are different types of locators in Selenium? 
2) When do you use Xpath over CSS locators? 
3) How to get a specific value from a dropdown and reuse it in verifications? 
4) When do we use JavaScript Executors? 
5) Is it possible to validate Captcha using Selenium, if Yes how? 
6) What should be the ideal way to store data using Selenium WebDriver only? 
7) Is it possible to use Xpath like parent/child/ node/.. ? If yes, then provide an example where to use it? 
8) What happens if you receive browser notifications in between Test Automation Execution? 
9) Why does Stale Element exception occurs and how to handle it? 
10) What is Invalid Certificate Exception?

APIs: 

1) What are the components of an HTTP request? 
2) What is the difference between API and unit testing? 
3) What is an HTTP response? 
4) How we can add validation points in postman? 
5) What do you understand by Server-side validation?
6) What is 3 tier Architecture? 
7) Difference between webservice & APIs 
8) What is Rest, Soap & GraphQL in APIs 
9) What do you test in standalone API? 
10) What do test in 3rd party integrated APIs?

Postman:

1) When to use collection, environment & global variables 
2) How to execute a collection E2E 
3) How to validate a API response has correct status code? 
4) What happens when API response returns Form Data instead of Json, how to validate it? 
5) How to setup Basic Auth in Postman? 
6) Where do you store Environment credentials? 
7) How to save a demo response for an API request? 
8) How will you validate an API rqst if VPN is required for it to work? 
9) How do you filter results in a API request using Postman? 
10) How to setup custom headers in Postman? 

Git: 

1) What are the different stages in committing the code to GitHub?
2) Is it possible to revert back changes in a remote repo? If yes, how? 
3) When do you commit your code? After commit how do you validate everyone has the updated code now? 
4) How to merge stashed changes in local repo? 
5) Why do we need Gitlgnore file? How to add ignore files in it? 

TestNG: 

1) What is the execution format of Tests in TestNG? 
2) Can priority be negative in for methods? If Yes, then what is the execution flow as per priority? 
3) What is the difference in DependonMethod & dependsongroups? 
4) What are different ways to exclude tests in TestNG 
5) What does ThreadPoolSize mean in TestNG? How does it work? 
6) Why do we need BeforeSuite & AfterSuite annotations?
