Interview questions from WNS for 2-3 yrs experienced candidates :

1a) Write a code to fetch data from one excel sheet and dump into the other excel sheet ?
1b) Among all the given locator which locator is fastest of all?
2) If the method fails to find the element which of the two methods throws you the expectations?
3) Why should we use selenium?
4) How to execute multiple Test cases at a time in TestNG?
5) Which method allows you to change control from one window to other?
6) Which annotations executed first?
7) Which open source tolls allows us to read and write Ms Excel file using Java?
8) How many types of XPath are there in selenium?
9) In selenium 4,which of the following method allows us to take screenshot of a specific web element?
10) Which language use in gherkins?
11) When you only want to access a single element on a webpage which method will you use?
12) Which class is used for drop-down in selenium?
13) Which component of selenium is most important?
14) Which keywords use in gherkins?
15) How many locators does selenium has in total?
16) Which exception is shown in selenium when there is a delay in the loading time of the elements with which we are interacting?
17) Write correct syntax for absolute path and Relative xpath
18) What is User interface testing?
19) Which XPath search dissimilar nodes in XML document from the current node
20) What do you mean by open source software
21) Which of following browser support selenium?
22) Which method are present in POM to locate webelement?
23) Which type of wait command waits for a certain amount of time before it throws an exception?
24) Which tool you will use to manage and organised jar and lib in automation?
25) _ is a type of change related testing performed after fixing a defect to confirm that a failure caused by the defect does not reoccur
26) Which type of XPath start with a double forward slash?
27) Which type of XPath start with a single forward slash?
28) How many types of wait commands does the selenium web driver provide?
29) Which of the following waits takes timeout and polling frequency as it's parameter?